CRO Updates: 5/27/25 (#3737)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/blog/building-protected-api-with-rails-and-jwt.mdx

---
publish_date: 2020-06-11 
title: Securing a Ruby on Rails API with JWTs

> htmlTitle: "How to Secure a Rails API With JWT Authentication"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
htmlTitle: "How to Secure a Rails API With JWTs"
```

Reviewer: We aren't using JWT authentication

> description: Learn how to secure a Rails REST API using JWTs. This guide shows how to add token-based auth with FusionAuth and a Rails authentication gem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to secure a Rails REST API using JWTs. This guide shows how to add token-based auth with FusionAuth and a Rails JWT gem.
```

We aren't using an authentication gem.
